Trad/management (#46)
glpi-project/doc: source/modules/management/licenses.rst

Licenses
========

Licenses management in GLPI allows to manage software licenses:

* Inventorying licenses, with links to softwares inventoried in GLPI;
* Following license installations on all assets;
* Linking licenses to financial management;
* Anticipating and following licenses renewal.

.. note:: 
        
   A license cannot exists in GLPI without a software associated to the license when creating it.

>    License management is not automated, a human following is needed for informations update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   License management is not automated, a human follow-up is needed for information update.
```
Or
License management is not automated, a manual follow-up is needed for information update.
